README <Cartoon>

**IMPORTANT RAIN IS NO LONGER USED**

Personal Connection: My mom always said I was a turtle. Super slow at doing everything - but I didn't think it was a
bad thing to take things slowly and to do things completely. When I first admired the Turtle... was when my
grandma told me about the story with the rabbit and the turtle. The turtle seems hopeless in the race, but step by step
, it crossed the finish line and won the race. I hope I can be like the turtle, taking things step by step in my own way
and to be filled with the determination to never give up despite however the circumstances may seem. The turtle may
never reach the Lolipop, or in this case me and my goals in life... but I will keep on trying, step by step.
PS (Violet EverGarden is a very good show)


Sorry in advance: the turtle is supposed to move very slow, and it's supposed to be an animated wallpaper and to be left
in the background. Can be used as a timer, each step is one second.

Inputs: Press SpaceBar to rain. Press Left or Right Arrow key to set the direction of movement.
Click quit button to quit.


Overview: App, PaneOrganizer, Cartoon, Rain, Turtle, Lolipop, and Constants classes
App contains PaneOrganizer which contains Cartoon which contains Rain, Turtle, and Lolipop
App sets up scene, PaneOrganizer sets up Panes, Cartoon does the logic and graphical logic, Rain, Turtle, Lolipop
are just classes to be instantiated by Cartoon.


Design Choices: I delegated all the time and logic stuff to the Cartoon. I declared and instantiated in the same line
for some variables/objects instead of making them instance variables because they are not used within the entire class
slope and just the particular constructor/method. I used Arrays to keep track of the rain created
(graphically and logically) so I can then move them and delete them (graphically and logically). I tried without Arrays,
but there was no way to store and reference them. I need to store and reference to use methods on them and for specific
circumstances.

Known Bugs:
None

Debugging Collaborators ():
dfiume1

Hours Spent:
This project took me AT LEAST 24 hours
